In this module,
we learned what AWS AppSync was, and how we can use
it to quickly create flexible, secure, and scalable APIs for our applications.
We went over creating and configuring AppSync APIs for our test manager
application, and storing data into our DynamoDB tables. We explored the GraphQL
Schema generated by the AWS console reserve, and we looked at the different
options that are provided by AppSync APIs for creating our backend applications.
Using AppSync backend, we learned how to build a client application that queries
and and mutates data using GraphQL, so, we can build the frontend for our task
manager application.
We learned how to customize the AppSync resolvers, so, we can map and
enter the data coming in from our client application. This way, we
did some changes to the data and some preprocessing before we stored
it into our DynamoDB tables.
Finally,
we protected our apps in the API endpoint using Amazon Cognito user
pools, so only authenticated users can use our API.
I hope this has given you an understanding on how AppSync
works, and what it brings to the table.
You can start by putting this knowledge to use by creating your own
AppSync backends for your client applications. Thank you for watching.